{\rtf1\mac\deff2 {\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss Chicago;}{\f2\froman New York;}{\f3\fswiss Geneva;}{\f4\fmodern Monaco;}{\f13\fnil Zapf Dingbats;}{\f16\fnil Palatino;}{\f18\fnil Zapf Chancery;}{\f20\froman Times;}{\f21\fswiss Helvetica;}{\f22\fmodern Courier;}{\f23\ftech Symbol;}{\f33\fnil Avant Garde;}{\f2008\fnil Century Schoolbook;}{\f2049\fnil Stencil;}{\f3017\fnil Brush Script MT;}{\f14013\fnil Bauhaus Heavy;}{\f14015\fnil Bauhaus Light;}{\f14560\fnil AGaramond SemiboldItalic;}{\f14561\fnil AGaramond Semibold;}{\f14562\fnil AGaramond;}{\f14563\fnil AGaramond Italic;}}{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}{\stylesheet{\sbasedon222\snext0 Normal;}}{\info{\title result.rtf}{\author Mary Ann}}\sectd \linemod0\cols1 \pard\plain \par \par Anton Chow\par 7-05-96\par CS 193\par result.TXT\par \par {\b\i\fs28\ul Trial 1\par }\par  {\b C:\\>m 1\par parameter 1 = 1\par         There were 1 argument(s)\par }\par \tab This of course works fine. It also works for all other types of characters.\par \par {\b\i\fs28\ul Trial 2\par }\par {\b C:\\>m a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z 1 2 3 4 5 6 \par 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7\par parameter 1 = a\par         There were 63 argument(s)\par }{\b\i \par }\tab This is the maximum amount of characters that would be read in by argc.\par \par {\b\i\fs28\ul Trial 3\par }\par {\b C:\\>m\par         There were 0 argument(s)\par }\par \tab This is correct since there are no parameters input other than  \par \tab the .exe.\par \par {\b\i\fs28\ul Trial 4\par }\par {\b C:\\>m 1 2 3 4  5 6 7      8\par parameter 1 = 1\par         There were 8 argument(s)\par }\par \tab This is correct since there were 8 arguments and blank spaces \par \tab were suppose to be skipped.\par \par {\b\i\fs28\ul Trial 5\par }\par {\b C:\\>m          1\par parameter 1 = 1\par         There were 1 argument(s)\par }\par \tab There is one argument since leading white space is ignored.\par \par {\b\i\fs28\ul Trial 6\par }\par {\b C:\\>m   A 1 B 2   ~! @\par parameter 1 = A\par         There were 6 argument(s)\par }\par \tab This is correct since balnk spaces are removed and the "~!" is treated as one character since there is no space between the two characters.\par \par {\b\i\fs28\ul Trial 7\par \par }\tab {\b C:\\>m 1 2 3\par                                 ! @ # $ A b c z . .\par parameter 1 = 1\par         There were 13 argument(s)\par \par \tab }There are indeed 13 characters on the screen which is correct. There was a system beep when attempting to input data past the last period (.). This is the maximum position where a character can be input which is the 128 th position from the prompt.{\b \par }{\b\i\fs28\ul \par }\tab \par \par \par \par \par \par }